add Extension System for StructureResolver (#100)
sulu/SuluHeadlessBundle: README.md

Finally, you can build your frontend application by executing `npm install` and `npm run build` in the `assets/headless`
directory.

> ### Extending the StructureResolver 
> To add more data to the json that is returned for a site, you can extend the StructureResolver by registering an service with the tag `sulu_headless.structure_resolver_extension`.

Reviewer: Some markdown viewers require a empty line after a headline to work correctly.

```suggestion
### Extending the StructureResolver
 
To add more data to the json that is returned for a site, you can extend the StructureResolverExtension implementing the `StructureResolverExtensionInterface`. If autowire is not activated for your project you need to tag the service with `sulu_headless.structure_resolver_extension`.
```

```
use Sulu\Bundle\HeadlessBundle\Content\StructureResolver\StructureResolverExtensionInterface;

class MyStructureExtension implements StructureResolverExtensionInterface
{

>     public function getKey(): string 
>     {
>         return 'myKey';
>     }
>     
>     public function resolve(
>         StructureInterface $requestedStructure,
>         string $locale
>     ): mixed {
>         return [
>             'foo' => 'bar',
>             'fruits' => Fruits::getArray($locale),
>             'webspaceKey' => $requestedStructure->getWebspaceKey()
>         ];
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    public function resolve(StructureInterface $requestedStructure, string $locale): array
    {
        return [
            'myKey' => [
                'foo' => 'bar',
                'fruits' => Fruits::getArray($locale),
                'webspaceKey' => $requestedStructure->getWebspaceKey(),
            ],
        ];
    }
```
